---
id: 425
title: Slow Dance
date: 2005-05-25T16:59:15+00:00
author: Mathias Wellner
layout: post
guid: http://blogs.ethz.ch/mwellner/2005/05/25/poem/
permalink: /2005/05/25/poem/
tags:
  - Gedicht
  - Hoax
  - slow dance
---
This poem was sent to me by my sister, who is right now in Alabama in the United States. There was an additional text saying it was created by a young cancer patient and that every email sent with this poem would result in a donation. Knowing many hoaxes (see [hoax message on this special message](http://urbanlegends.about.com/library/weekly/aa022599.htm), it was written by someone else) playing with the empathy of people I do not believe in this but I still found the poem nice. It just fitted since I spent the last days programming a robot shooting balls and defending, not having much time for anything else. So actually right now is the moment for me to _slow down_&#8230;

> SLOW DANCE
> 
> Have you ever watched kids
  
> On a merry-go-round? 
  
> Or listened to the rain
  
> Slapping on the ground?
  
> Ever followed a butterfly&#8217;s erratic flight?
  
> Or gazed at the sun into the fading night?
> 
> You better slow down.
  
> Don&#8217;t dance so fast.
  
> Time is short.
  
> The music won&#8217;t last.
> 
> Do you run through each day
  
> On the fly?
  
> When you ask How are you
  
> Do you hear the reply?
  
> When the day is done
  
> Do you lie in your bed
  
> With the next hundred chores
  
> Running through your head?
> 
> You&#8217;d better slow down
  
> Don&#8217;t dance so fast.
  
> Time is short.
  
> The music won&#8217;t last.
> 
> Ever told your child,
  
> We&#8217;ll do it tomorrow?
  
> And in your haste, 
  
> Not see his sorrow? 
  
> Ever lost touch, 
  
> Let a good friendship die 
  
> Cause you never had time
  
> To call and say, "Hi"
> 
> You&#8217;d better slow down.
  
> Don&#8217;t dance so fast.
  
> Time is short.
  
> The music won&#8217;t last.
> 
> When you run so fast to get somewhere
  
> You miss half the fun of getting there.
  
> When you worry and hurry through your day,
  
> It is like an unopened gift&#8230;. 
  
> Thrown away. 
> 
> Life is not a race.
  
> Do take it slower
  
> Hear the music
  
> Before the song is over.